update dimensions (#5409)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/dimensions.md

**Basic structure**

SCD Type II are groups that change values at a coarser time granularity. This results in a range of valid rows with different dimensions values for a given metric or measure. MetricFlow associates the metric with the first (minimum) available dimensions value within a coarser time window, such as month. By default, MetricFlow uses the group that is valid at the beginning of the time granularity.

The following basic structure of an SCD Type II data platform table is supported:

| entity_key | dimensions_1 | dimensions_2 | ... | dimensions_x | valid_from | valid_to |
|------------|-------------|-------------|-----|-------------|------------|----------|  

* `entity_key` (required): An entity_key (or some sort of identifier) must be present.
* `valid_from` (required): A timestamp indicating the start of a changing dimensions value must be present
* `valid_to` (required): A timestamp indicating the end of a changing dimensions value must be present

**Implementation**

Here are some guidelines to follow when implementing SCD Type II tables:

> - The SCD dimensions table must have `valid_to` and `valid_from` columns, which are logical constructs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SCD semantic model must have `valid_to` and `valid_from` time dimensions, which are logical constructs.
```

> - The columns must be specified exactly once per dimension.
> - The columns shouldn't be used or specified on the same dimension.
> - The columns must cover a non-overlapping period where one row matches each natural key value (meaning they must not overlap and should be distinct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `valid_from` and `valid_to` properties must be specified exactly once per SCD semantic model.
- The `valid_from` and `valid_to` properties shouldn't be used or specified on the same time dimension.
- The `valid_from` and 'valid_to` time dimensions must cover a non-overlapping period where one row matches each natural key value (meaning they must not overlap and should be distinct).
```

</Tabs>

### SCD Type II

:::caution
Currently, there are limitations in supporting SCD's.
:::

MetricFlow supports joins against dimensions values in a semantic model built on top of an SCD Type II table (slowly changing dimension) Type II table. This is useful when you need a particular metric organized by a group that changes over time, such as the historical trends of sales by a customer's country.

> **Basic structure**

Author: ```suggestion
**Basic structure**

SCD Type II are groups that change values at a coarser time granularity. This results in a range of valid rows with different dimensions values for a given metric or measure. MetricFlow associates the metric with the first (minimum) available dimensions value within a coarser time window, such as month. By default, MetricFlow uses the group that is valid at the beginning of the time granularity.
```

</Tabs>

### SCD Type II

:::caution
Currently, there are limitations in supporting SCD's.
:::

MetricFlow supports joins against dimensions values in a semantic model built on top of an SCD Type II table (slowly changing dimension) Type II table. This is useful when you need a particular metric organized by a group that changes over time, such as the historical trends of sales by a customer's country.

> SCD Type II are groups that change values at a coarser time granularity. This results in a range of valid rows with different dimensions values for a given metric or measure. MetricFlow associates the metric with the first (minimum) available dimensions value within a coarser time window, such as month. By default, MetricFlow uses the group that is valid at the beginning of the time granularity.

Author: ```suggestion
```
